"# CS-125-Final-Project" 
Illini Tutor

This android app focuses on bringing together people who want to be tutored, and people who are willing to tutor, by allowing them to specify the subject, time, and location of the tutoring session.  It aims to fill the large demand for tutoring generated by college students at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.

The opening page has three different options to select.  The first button is for finding a tutor, the second button is if you want to tutor, and the third button provides background information and help for the app.  

The first button redirects to a page that allows you to either create a new request for tutoring, or search preexisting tutoring requests.  Creating a new request allows you to enter information about the subject you want to be tutored on, the time, location, whether or not you would be willing to be tutored with other people, and your contact information.  By entering your contact information into the app's request, it allows you to connect with the tutor and set up a session (including tutoring fees).  Searching preexisting tutoring requests directs you straight to the list of current tutoring requests.

The second button also takes tutors straight to the list of current tutoring requests, and allows them to select by the subjects they feel proficient in.  They can then connect with other students and set up the session,

The third button is quite self-explanatory and redirects users to a page explaining the development of the app as well as how they can use it.


